design/scientific-paper.md, before:

---
Metadata: Oh Yeah!
---

Title Page

--
XIV

# Table Of Contents

- [Table Of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Main Headline](#main-headline)
  - [Sub Headline](#sub-headline)
- [Late Headline](#late-headline)

--
0123

# Main Headline

## Sub Headline

<col-2>

Let's have some very long block text on the front page, so we can test text alignment and justification. That everything looks good and such!

![](https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-BSpoASO5cQQ/WN1lox2QpYI/AAAAAAAAfus/SxntT47ntak7mXmdKSVTiCZOXUlgMayDwCLcB/s1600/duckduckgo-logo-wordmark4-1920.png)

There's our scientific logo.

And it all looks so nice and wonderful! It's almost unbelievable!!

Now we're adding even more text. Let's see where that will lead us. We're going on. And continuing. Soon we should be getting somewhere. Let's see here.

Wonderful, exacly as it's supposed to look like!
Great!

Yes.

</col-2>

The non-dual pane text continues here. As we can see, we have one regular paragraph distance to the dual-paned text above, which gives it just enough space to have some distance.

![](https://www.climatesignals.org/sites/default/files/resources/numb_of_world_nat_cats_80-16.gif)

We can see¹, that the logo² now uses the full width, unlike above, where it only used the column width.

<col-2>

Let's have some more dual-paned text. The text must be rather long, since we want to trigger a manual page break in a moment. Furthermore, we want the text to be equally distributed. Meaning it should be split into two equal columns and then see, how it handles vanishing page space. Will it break to the next page? If yes, when will it do so? Without further distractions and making assumptions on the behaviour, let's have a look at what will happen, in a very short moment, like now! It seems like it worked. Contents are now moved to the next page.

</col-2>

-- ¹ This is a test for a footnote.
   ² Another Footnote (wow :D) it is much amazing.

Automagic page numbers behind entries in table of contents, based on target anchors.

Pages starting from

--
0123

The zero (0) before the `123`-directive signals we want to reset page counting.

other

contents

gone

waaaay down

</br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br>

# Late Headline

eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

<script src="dist/paged.js"></script>

Commit message:

Extended demo document by front page and table of figures

design/scientific-paper.md, after:

---
Metadata: Oh Yeah!
---

![](https://www.digitalmeetsculture.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/opensource-logo.png)

      An Amazingly Scientific Paper

    here is some data about the paper
           And even more data!

        This is like a cinematic
          headline right there

>  Author:		Lesosoftware
>  Semester:	1
>  Mentor:		Prof. Adam Bennet
>  Finalized:	August 5. 2022

--
XIV

# Table Of Contents

- [Table Of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Table Of Figures](#table-of-figures)
- [Main Headline](#main-headline)
  - [Sub Headline](#sub-headline)
- [Late Headline](#late-headline)

# Table Of Figures

- [Figure 1](#figure-1)
- [Figure 2](#figure-2)

--
0123

# Main Headline

## Sub Headline

<col-2>

Let's have some very long block text on the front page, so we can test text alignment and justification. That everything looks good and such!

![Figure 1](https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-BSpoASO5cQQ/WN1lox2QpYI/AAAAAAAAfus/SxntT47ntak7mXmdKSVTiCZOXUlgMayDwCLcB/s1600/duckduckgo-logo-wordmark4-1920.png)

There's our scientific logo.

And it all looks so nice and wonderful! It's almost unbelievable!!

Now we're adding even more text. Let's see where that will lead us. We're going on. And continuing. Soon we should be getting somewhere. Let's see here.

Wonderful, exacly as it's supposed to look like!
Great!

Yes.

</col-2>

The non-dual pane text continues here. As we can see, we have one regular paragraph distance to the dual-paned text above, which gives it just enough space to have some distance.

![Figure 2](https://www.climatesignals.org/sites/default/files/resources/numb_of_world_nat_cats_80-16.gif)

We can see¹, that the logo² now uses the full width, unlike above, where it only used the column width.

<col-2>

Let's have some more dual-paned text. The text must be rather long, since we want to trigger a manual page break in a moment. Furthermore, we want the text to be equally distributed. Meaning it should be split into two equal columns and then see, how it handles vanishing page space. Will it break to the next page? If yes, when will it do so? Without further distractions and making assumptions on the behaviour, let's have a look at what will happen, in a very short moment, like now! It seems like it worked. Contents are now moved to the next page.

</col-2>

-- ¹ This is a test for a footnote.
   ² Another Footnote (wow :D) it is much amazing.

Automagic page numbers behind entries in table of contents, based on target anchors.

Pages starting from

--
0123

The zero (0) before the `123`-directive signals we want to reset page counting.

other

contents

gone

waaaay down

</br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br></br>

# Late Headline

eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

<script src="dist/paged.js"></script>
